README.md, before:

# Powers of Tau

## Original story

This is a [multi-party computation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_multi-party_computation) (MPC) ceremony which constructs partial zk-SNARK parameters for _all_ circuits up to a depth of 2<sup>21</sup>. It works by taking a step that is performed by all zk-SNARK MPCs and performing it in just one single ceremony. This makes individual zk-SNARK MPCs much cheaper and allows them to scale to practically unbounded numbers of participants.

This protocol is described in a [forthcoming paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2017/1050). It produces parameters for an adaptation of [Jens Groth's 2016 pairing-based proving system](https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/260) using the [BLS12-381](https://github.com/ebfull/pairing/tree/master/src/bls12_381) elliptic curve construction. The security proof relies on a randomness beacon being applied at the end of the ceremony.

## Contributions

Extended to support Ethereum's BN256 curve and made it easier to change size of the ceremony. In addition proof generation process can be done in memory constrained environments now. Benchmark is around `1.3 Gb` of memory and `3 hours` for a `2^26` power of tau on BN256 curve on my personal laptop

## Instructions

Every participant needs to create a ssh key. For help see [here](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/creating-ssh-keys-776639788.html). Please provide the public key in the [gitter group](https://gitter.im/Trusted_setup_for_SNAPPS/community). Then, we will propose a slot for the participation for you. Once we agreed on a slot, you are supposed to do the following steps:

#Procedure:

1. You download latest challenge file from ftp-server with your ssl key.
	You can use an UI program as Filezilla(host is trusted-setup.gnosis.pm) or the following shell command:
		```bash
		sftp -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa  your_user_name@trusted-setup.gnosis.pm:challenge ~/challenge
		```
2. Copy the downloaded challenge file to your dedicated computer for running the ceremony.
3. Download the repository
	git clone git@github.com:matterinc/powersoftau.git
	and copy it to your dedicated computer.
4. Performany some of the recommendated steps for ceremony from the next section.	
5. Then do the acutal computation:
	 cargo run --release --bin compute_constrained
6. Broadcast your contribution hash via twitter or your preferred social media account. 
7. Upload the response file to ftp-server.  

## Recommendations from original ceremony

Participants of the ceremony sample some randomness, perform a computation, and then destroy the randomness. **Only one participant needs to do this successfully to ensure the final parameters are secure.** In order to see that this randomness is truly destroyed, participants may take various kinds of precautions:

* putting the machine in a Faraday cage
* destroying the machine afterwards
* running the software on secure hardware
* not connecting the hardware to any networks
* using multiple machines and randomly picking the result of one of them to use
* using different code than what we have provided
* using a secure operating system
* using an operating system that nobody would expect you to use (Rust can compile to Mac OS X and Windows)
* using an unusual Rust toolchain or [alternate rust compiler](https://github.com/thepowersgang/mrustc)
* lots of other ideas we can't think of

It is totally up to the participants. In general, participants should beware of side-channel attacks and assume that remnants of the randomness will be in RAM after the computation has finished.

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0
license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or
conditions.

Commit message:

finished server scripts functionality
forgot to add files

first version of Dockerfile after deletion

first version of Dockerfile after deletion

adding docker

many small improvements

many small improvements

changing to validationWorker

made lftp work again

cleaning all scripts

more cleaning

README.md, after:

# Powers of Tau

## Original story

This is a [multi-party computation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_multi-party_computation) (MPC) ceremony which constructs partial zk-SNARK parameters for _all_ circuits up to a depth of 2<sup>21</sup>. It works by taking a step that is performed by all zk-SNARK MPCs and performing it in just one single ceremony. This makes individual zk-SNARK MPCs much cheaper and allows them to scale to practically unbounded numbers of participants.

This protocol is described in a [forthcoming paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2017/1050). It produces parameters for an adaptation of [Jens Groth's 2016 pairing-based proving system](https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/260) using the [BLS12-381](https://github.com/ebfull/pairing/tree/master/src/bls12_381) elliptic curve construction. The security proof relies on a randomness beacon being applied at the end of the ceremony.

## Contributions

Extended to support Ethereum's BN256 curve and made it easier to change size of the ceremony. In addition proof generation process can be done in memory constrained environments now. Benchmark is around `1.3 Gb` of memory and `3 hours` for a `2^26` power of tau on BN256 curve on my personal laptop

## Instructions

Every participant needs to create a ssh key. For help see [here](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucketserver/creating-ssh-keys-776639788.html). Please provide the public key in the [gitter group](https://gitter.im/Trusted_setup_for_SNAPPS/community). Then, we will propose a slot for the participation for you. Once we agreed on a slot, you are supposed to do the following steps:

#Procedure:

1. You download latest challenge file from ftp-server with your ssl key.
	You can use an UI program as Filezilla(host is trusted-setup.gnosis.pm) or the following shell command:
		```bash
		sftp -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa  your_user_name@trusted-setup.gnosis.pm:challenges//challenge ~/challenge
		```
2. Copy the downloaded challenge file to your dedicated computer for running the ceremony.
3. Download the repository
	git clone git@github.com:matterinc/powersoftau.git
	and copy it to your dedicated computer.
4. Performany some of the recommendated steps for ceremony from the next section.	
5. Then do the acutal computation:
	 cargo run --release --bin compute
6. Broadcast your contribution hash via twitter or your preferred social media account. 
7. Upload the response file to ftp-server.  

## Recommendations from original ceremony

Participants of the ceremony sample some randomness, perform a computation, and then destroy the randomness. **Only one participant needs to do this successfully to ensure the final parameters are secure.** In order to see that this randomness is truly destroyed, participants may take various kinds of precautions:

* putting the machine in a Faraday cage
* destroying the machine afterwards
* running the software on secure hardware
* not connecting the hardware to any networks
* using multiple machines and randomly picking the result of one of them to use
* using different code than what we have provided
* using a secure operating system
* using an operating system that nobody would expect you to use (Rust can compile to Mac OS X and Windows)
* using an unusual Rust toolchain or [alternate rust compiler](https://github.com/thepowersgang/mrustc)
* lots of other ideas we can't think of

It is totally up to the participants. In general, participants should beware of side-channel attacks and assume that remnants of the randomness will be in RAM after the computation has finished.

## Running docker image for automatic validation 

For starting the docker, just run:
```bash
 docker build --tag=valdiation_worker .
 docker run -it -v ~/.ssh/:/root/.ssh valdiation_worker bash
```
The log outputs can be found of the cron jobs can be found here:
```bash
/var/log/cron.log
```
For stopping the containerrun:
```bash
docker stop <container_id>
```

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0
license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or
conditions.
